README.md, before:

# PantheonofHallownestTracker
This tool will allow you to keep track of the number of attempts and successes, as well as your success rate of each god
when attempting the Pantheon of Hallownest. For each run, enter the name of the god to whom you died. The code will
update the rest of the data.

The program works as follows:

Upon startup, you will have the option to load data. If you choose to load data, you will need to provide a file
path (i.e. "data.txt", "D:\Hollow Knight\data.txt"). (The same applies for saving data.)

Now you reach the main part of the program. You may do one of the following: Enter the full name of the boss to whom you
died. This will update the current stats. Enter 'save' to save your data to a file. Enter 'load' to load your data from
a file. Enter 'stats' to view your current stats. Enter 'reset' to rest your current stats. Enter 'q' to quit.

That's it. Not much to it. This code was written by a bored CS student in about an hour, so it won't handle errors
well and functionality is limited.

Commit message:

Added success feature, code clean up
You can now record a successful PoH run. Some of the code was altered to
fit the PEP 8 style guide for Python.

README.md, after:

# PantheonofHallownestTracker

Author: willster191
For help, contact willster191 on Reddit or willster#1886 on Discord. Willing to add features on request.

This tool will allow you to keep track of the number of attempts and successes, as well as your success rate of each god
when attempting the Pantheon of Hallownest. For each run, enter the name of the god to whom you died. The code will
update the rest of the data.

The program works as follows:

Upon startup, you will have the option to load data. If you choose to load data, you will need to provide a file
path (i.e. "data.txt", "D:\Hollow Knight\data.txt"). (The same applies for saving data.)

Now you reach the main part of the program. You may do one of the following: Enter the full name of the boss to whom you
died. This will update the current stats. Enter 'save' to save your data to a file. Enter 'load' to load your data from
a file. Enter 'stats' to view your current stats. Enter 'reset' to rest your current stats. Enter 'success' to record a 
successful completion of the pantheon. Enter 'q' to quit.
